In this section,
I completed the last part of our chunk-oriented processing for patient data.
I added a new database changelog for Liquibase to manage.
The changelog included the full table and columns for our patient record.
Next, I implemented a JPA ItemWriter.
The ItemWriter leveraged my EntityManager database configuration for writing
PatientEntity records to the new patient database table.
Finally,
I created a unit test for the ItemWriter and then demonstrated full
execution of the batch job using a larger test file.
This completes the course.
I'd like to sincerely thank you for taking the time watch this course,
and I hope that you'll continue to explore the features that Spring Batch has to offer.